`torch_tensor_from_array` interface with default layout (#348)
Cambridge-ICCS/FTorch: pages/transposing.md

By far the easiest way to deal with the issue is not to worry about it at all!

As described at the top of this page, the
[torch_tensor_from_array](doc/interface/torch_tensor_from_array.html) function
provides functionality for handling this through its optional `layout` argument.
This allows us to take data from Fortran and send it to Torch to be indexed in exactly
the same way by using strided access based on the shape of the array.

It takes the form of an array specifying which order to read the indices in.
i.e. `[1, 2]` will read `i` then `j`.
By passing `layout = [1, 2]` the data will be read into the correct indices by
Torch. The natural ordering `[1, 2, ..., n]` (where `n` is the dimension of the

> array) is the default used by `torch_tensor_from_array`. In most cases, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
array) is the default used by `torch_tensor_from_array`.
In cases where your tensors are indexed the same way in both Fortran and Torch, it
```
